hey guys this is James with food hack TV
today's hack tomato ramen we're gonna
first get the pan hot we're gonna add
the following ingredients we got the oil
right here just a couple T's tablespoons
of oil over the hot pan next we're gonna
add the onions
once we cook the onion we're gonna try
to get it
translucent this has got to take a
couple like about a minute we're gonna
add our garlic next we're gonna add our
clowns cooking our clams gonna take a
couple of minutes before they fully open
we're now going to add our sake
next we're gonna add our sofrito
let the clams and the wine and the
sofrito kind of marinate we're gonna add
our pea sprout Knicks followed by our
chicken stock homemade chicken stock
bring this back up to a boil and simmer
for about three minutes when the ramen
broth is coming to a simmer that's when
you want to add some of your chili
flakes what I have here is a Korean
chili flakes gochugaru a tad of salt for
seasoning a couple turns of pepper the
amount that we're cooking today is good
for at least two servings
now that our ramen broth is boiling
we're ready to plate up I'm now going to
turn down the heat so it just comes to a
slow simmer and over here I already got
some ramen that's cooked off then I'm
going to divide into the two bowls with
the ramen divide it I'm gonna start
adding some of these components onto the
bow like our pea sprouts get some of
that clam in each of the bowls
then we're not pouring the broth
here you go guys this is tomato ramen
hat